Add doc for after:run event (#3428)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: source/api/plugins/after-run-api.md

---

> title: After Run API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: After Run API
containerClass: experimental
```

---

The `after:run` event fires after a run is finished. The event only fires when running via `cypress run`.

> The event will fire each time `cypress run` executes. As a result, if running your specs in {% url "parallel" parallelization %}, the event will fire once for each machine on which the tests are run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The event will fire each time `cypress run` executes. As a result, if running your specs in {% url "parallel" parallelization %}, the event will fire once for each machine on which `cypress run` is called.
```

{% note warning %}
{% fa fa-warning orange %} **This is an experimental feature. In order to use it, you must set the {% url "`experimentalRunEvents`" experiments %} configuration option to `true`.**
{% endnote %}

# Syntax

```js
on('after:run', (results) => { /* ... */ })
```

**{% fa fa-angle-right %} results** ***(Object)***

> Results of the run, including the total number of passes/failures/etc, the project config, and details about the browser and system. It is the same as the results object resolved by the {% url "module API" module-api#Results %}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Results of the run, including the total number of passes/failures/etc, the project config, and details about the browser and system. It is the same as the results object resolved by the {% url "Module API" module-api#Results %}.
```
